About Me:

I am "A Red Seal Class A", automotive, and light truck technician. Currently living in Ontario Canada. Unfortunately, I am unable to work in the trade I love. I will always be passionate about a trade that has been a part of my life for over thirty years. It still is.

MY STORY

A work accident left me disabled, and unable to work in a trade, I love.

I look back in time and a song by singer, Cher comes to mind. "If I Could Turn Back Time".

We have an obligation to ourselves to maintain a healthy standard in every aspect of our lives. The thing's surrounding us, our loved ones, the vehicle(s) we drive and so on.

My accident mainly happened due to a lack of maintaining equipment. My thought process was if it is working well leave it alone.

An improperly maintained hoist, caused a car to fall on me. It was not the hoists fault. It was totally mine. I was working with an apprentice showing him the precautions he should take in setting a car up so it could be safely lifted up on a hoist. I even remember telling him, if anything was to go wrong his priority was to get out of the way.

Well things did go wrong, one of the four legs supporting the vehicle somehow did not lock up and started to travel. The car started to tip and rock. I got my apprentice out of there and thought I could take the place of that hoist arm until reinforcements came. The car fell part of it causing damage to my spine.

During the months of feeling sorry for myself I turned to alcohol. I started to see a psychiatrist not by choice but by Court order. There was no drinking in hospital, but there were a lot of drugs. It was popping pills, therapy and sleep.

I was released from hospital after a couple of months with a bag full of pills. For a person who used alcohol at the rate I did, getting all these pills may not have been the smartest choice, as I got to find out later.

Today, August 17/2018 I am a recovering alcoholic for eight years and twenty-one days, by the grace of God. I owe so many people that reached out to me, offering me another chance. Thought all my chances were used up.

Beginning to take care of my best friend and deprive my worst enemy, me. I started exercising, became aware of nutrition and their importance. Joining positive groups, the most recent, "The Wealthy Affiliate Community". I live one day at a time and I do not even take a second of my life for granted.

WHY I WANT TO HELP PEOPLE

I gain more from giving, from helping in whatever way I can, than from receiving. It feels good. I want to give back the generosity offered to me by the people that involved themselves and invested in my well-being.

What to Expect

You will find I am not a fan of pharmaceutical medications. Please do dot get me wrong, "Always Follow Your Doctors Orders".

I do suffer from depression, anxiety and stress disorders. I even used to suffer from seizures. I have not had a seizure in over four years.

I was on a multitude of drugs prescribed to me by Doctor's and Psychiatrists, diligently. I took what I was supposed to take.

I started to research the medications I was taking, after feeling like I was unable to do certain things I loved to do.

Medication for depression that may cause suicidal thoughts. That did not sound right. This was the tip of the iceberg. The medications I was taking were causing so many side effects, I had to take other medications to counter attack the side effects.

I started to do more research in hopes of finding alternatives and I did. I continued my research while cutting down on the medications I was on. I could not just quit, they called it, "The Weaning Down Process".

Weaning as defined by Wikipedia:

Is the process of gradually introducing an infant human or mammal to what will be its adult diet while withdrawing the supply of its mother's milk.

Let us call it, "Tapering Off". This sounds more adult.

It had now become a mission of mine to find healthy alternatives to stop taking what I call, "Guinea Pig Medications". I will not go into too much depth, but I hope