Hi everyone and welcome to my site.

My name is Michael

Thank you for visiting.

About Me:

I am "A Red Seal Class A", automotive, and light truck technician. Currently living in Ontario Canada. Unfortunately, I am unable to work in the trade I love. I will always be passionate about a trade that has been a part of my life for over thirty years. It still is.

MY STORY

A work accident left me disabled, and unable to work in a trade, I love.

I look back in time and a song by singer Cher comes to mind. "If I Could Turn Back Time".

We have an obligation to ourselves to maintain a healthy standard in every aspect of our lives. The thing's surrounding us, our loved ones, the vehicle(s) we drive and so on.

My accident mainly happened due to a lack of maintaining equipment. My thought process was if it is working well leave it alone.

An improperly maintained hoist, caused a car to fall on me. It was not the hoists fault. It was totally mine. I was working with an apprentice showing him the precautions he should take in setting a car up so it could be safely lifted up on a hoist. I even remember telling him, if anything was to go wrong his priority was to get out of the way.

Well things did go wrong, one of the four legs supporting the vehicle somehow did not lock up and started to travel. The car started to tip and rock. I got my apprentice out of there and thought I could take the place of that hoist arm until reinforcements came. The car fell part of it causing damage to my spine.

During the months of feeling sorry for myself I turned to alcohol. I started to see a psychiatrist not by choice but by Court order. There was no drinking in hospital, but there were a lot of drugs. It was popping pills, therapy and sleep.

I was released from hospital after a couple of months with a bag full of pills. For a person who used alcohol at the rate I did, getting all these pills may not have been the smartest choice, as I got to find out later.

Today, August 17/2018 I am a recovering alcoholic for eight years and twenty-one days, by the grace of God. I owe so many people that reached out to me, offering me another chance. Thought all my chances were used up.

Beginning to take care of my best friend and deprive my worst enemy, me. I started exercising, became aware of nutrition and their importance. Joining positive groups, the most recent, "The Wealthy Affiliate Community". I live one day at a time and I do not even take a second of my life for granted.

WHY I WANT TO HELP PEOPLE

I gain more from giving, from helping in whatever way I can, than from receiving. It feels good. I want to give back the generosity offered to me by the people that involved themselves and invested in my well-being.

THE GOAL OF MY SITE

My goal here is to make an investment in you. Through a healthy lifestyle, physically and mentally. I would like to offer you some alternatives. I want you to live long and prosper. Hopefully I can be a GPS, a road map or a compass. If every you feel lost or you are in pain I want to be there for you. If I see you taking anything or anyone for granted, I would like to be there and perhaps I may be able to change your mind. Depressed, feeling anxious or stressed allow me to show you how you can get out of those negative emotions. My goal is to, "Empower You".

Thank you

All the best,

Michael

empoweryourlifestyles.com